603: In nashville, team logos on guitar picks. Ok.
Nuggets on at the same time. YouTubeTV needs a flip channel shortcut.

606: Opening Organic DelishFish

608: Inspirational commercial of Dak Prescott trying to inspire Kyler in spite
of "doubters". He's going to be the first pick in the draft. I don't think
he cares.

610: I dont think Marcus Marriotta's pants fit.

611: They are giving out season tickets for the next 100 years. One is an
     Eagles fan in an eagles blazer.

612: The Giants fan won. 100 yeas, can you imagine?!

613: Draft open. Cardinals on the clock. The team blazers seem to be a thing.
     They are terrible. There is nothing worse than NFL "megafans".

618: Chips and salsa

625: Cards pick Kyler Murray. Little guys everywhere pump their fists. First time one school has had back to back first
     picks at same position. Crazy that both guys were transfers.

628: YouTube frozen

629: We're back. Kyler says he cant remember what was said on the phone call
     from the Cardinals, but it's something he'll never forget.

630: Holy shit, the Bosa family has had 4 first round picks. The Bosa family
     looks like they get into fights at bars.

631: 49ers pick Nick Bosa

632: Nick Bosa cant figure out that he needs to turn around the jeresey so his
     name is facing out.

635: Nuggets down by 10 end of 1. 0-7 from 3. Commercial for Cobra Kai.

640: Jets take Quinnen Williams. Love his braces. Trey Wingo just revealed
     information about his passwords. Auburn related. Nice move Trey.

644: He's talking about his mom who died when he was 12. Love this guy. Raiders
     on the clock. The worst.

645: Live look in at the Legends Sports Bar in Vegas. Oddly there is about 10
     people there. 

648: The Raiders take Clelin Ferrell in a surprise. The Raider fans had literally no idea who
     that was.

656: Nuggets down by 5

657: We got a Make a Wish kid announcing the pick. Bucs take Devin White.

700: Nuggets up by 3!

702: Wow. Giants take Daniel Jones from Duke. A Giants fan who looked like a surfer
     continued the trend of fans having no idea who their team drafted.

707: Havent seen a trade yet. Haskins and Lock available. Things are getting
     interesting.

708: Jax takes Josh Allen. His son is wearing bow tie and it is my favorite
     thing.

714: Lions take TJ Hockenson at 8. He came in 3rd in a softball throw one time,
     so it should work out.

716: His hair is a bit hobbity. He was #38 at Iowa. I dont trust TE's who wear RB numbers.

720: 9th pick is Ed Oliver from Houston. He's pretty excited. Broncos on the
     clock! Oliver was #10. What the hell?

723: Moving from fanbase to fanbase is a whirlwind of regional stereotyping and
     cultural appropriation.

724: The Brocktagon? Thats is nickname? Why his nickname the Brocktagon?

728: Broncos trade down to the Steelers. Steelers take Devin Bush. This will
     work out for the Steelers because of course it will.

731: What is Devin Bush wearing? Like actually what is it?

733: Bungals select Jonah Williams.

737: Shit, Detective Picachu looks legit.

738: Nugs down by 2 mid third.

743: Packers took a guy.

746: Dolphins drafted a guy. 

750: Christian you said you couldnt imagine what it would be like to get that
     phone call. What was it like?  
     It was everything I imagined.

751: Falcons take Christ Lindstrom

758: Redskins take Dwayne Haskins without having to trade. o

759: Nuggets down by 11 in the 4th.

830: Broncos just guess and take TE Noah Fant.





Why the Denver Broncos Drafted Noah Fant

There are literally millions of interrelated factors which play a role in what you or I or any other human being on earth will do tomorrow, or next week, or next year. We can, at best, barely make predictions about our own future state of being, let alone another person's. Thus, ad nauseam discussion of draft picks is a futile exercise and serves only to bolster egos and pilfer valuable time and energy from the minds of small-minded individuals. However, we must know why the Denver Broncos drafted Noah Fant in the first round.

First, some thoughts about the first round in general. Watching the contrived spectacle of assembled superfans assorted into mini superfan nation states, replete with face paint, team-logoed patterned blazers, for some reason mardi gras beads, oversized foam apparel and appendages, and other what-have-yous is a whirlwind of self fulfilling regional stereotyping and cultural appropriation. All of us not in attendance are (most likely) acting like normal human
beings, yet we suspend our disbelief and buy into the notion of we're-number-one! carried by every fan who is.

We also get interviews with just-drafted players that go something like this:

Interviewer: You said you couldn't imagine what it would be like to get that phone call. Now that it's happened, what was it like?

Player: It was everything I imagined.

This entire extravaganza makes one feel dumb for being a sports fan. 

But we're not dumb! We're sure of it. THEY'RE dumb. The MACHINERY is dumb. We, of course, sit outside of all that and are capable of making actually intelligent observations about the pure aspects of the going-ons. The skills, the team needs, the value, the strategy, the things the other riff raff don't understand. 

Which brings us to the Denver Broncos, the team for which we care the most. The Broncos traded out of their initially slotted 10th pick with the Steelers in exchange for Pittsburgh's first round pick (20th overall), plus a couple of other picks. With that 20th pick the Broncos selected Noah Fant, a tight end from Iowa. But why?

Fant was the second tight end taken from Iowa in the first round, which is pretty interesting. The first guy was taken at number 8 overall by the Lions, TJ Hockenson. We learned that Hockenson is quite an athlete as evidenced by his placing third one time in a softball throw. This has to give Lions' fans a great deal of confidence to have such versatility at the tight end position. By way of inference we Broncos fans should have slightly less great confidence
to have picked the slightly less good version of the man the Lions picked. Smart fans, however, would argue that he is just a different TYPE of player.
More athletic maybe. Certainly less of a Hobbit-y hair style than that of Hockenson. But is he as good at throwing softballs? Could he have placed as high as third in such an event? These are they riveting questions of the draft that only time will reveal.

What was going on in the collective minds of the old men in the Broncos war room that led to this decision? To understand that we need to take a trip to San Francisco. Here you will find a man called George Kittle. Kittle is a tight end and Iowa alumni. Sound familiar? You see, one time last season the very same George Kittle racked up an impressive 362527 receiving yards in a single half of a single game. Learning this, you might wonder what lowly team could give up such an inordinate amount of yards to a single player in a single half of a single game? That's right, the Denver Broncos.

Obviously, being on the business end of that whooping by Kittle made them realize they they, too, must employ their very own George Kittle, or at least the closest possible thing: TJ Hockenson, third place softball thrower. However, upon realizing that the Lions had this very same plan, they realized they had to do the next best thing: ask the internet who else plays tight end for the Iowa Hawkeyes? And that's how you end up with Noah Fant on your team.

Not many face-painted superfans understand the intricacies and multi-layered decision making that goes into deciding to draft players like Noah Fant. If you can manage to ignore the pomp you can get a peek behind the curtain into the fascinating inner workings of the sport at the highest level. Now, this doesn't answer the question will Noah Fant be any good, but nobody can see into the future. The best you can do is rely on a solid model of reality to make the best decisions you can using a reliably consistent process of gathering relevant information.


